Flashlight PRIVACY POLICY

Before install Flashlight app, please read this privacy policy.

Flashlight Privacy Policy has been effective from April 1st, 2017

This Privacy Policy will tell you how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information when providing these services to you.

For continuously improve our app and provide more better experiences, We and our service providers may use some info.

Information We Collect
1. Personal Information.
We do NOT collect and share Personal Information in any way.

2. NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your Android ID, CPN model, memory size, your phone IMEI number, phone model, rom, phone operator, location, install, uninstall, frequency of use, etc.

We may collect and store some of those information shared by the provider of the connected third-party application:
Links to third-party websites and services

The Apps may contain links to other websites and online services, including third-party advertisements. If you choose to click through to one of these other websites or online services, please note that any information you may provide will be subject to the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that websites or service, and not to this Privacy Policy. We do not control third-party websites or services, and the fact that a link to such a website or service appears in the Apps does not mean that we endorse them or have approved their policies or practices relating to user information. Before providing any information to any third-party website or service, we encourage you to review the privacy policy and other terms and conditions of that website or service. You agree that Surpax will have no liability for any matters relating to a third-party website or service that you provide information to, including their collection and handling of that information.

If you are unclear about what information a third-party application is sharing with us, please go to the third-party application to find out more about their privacy practices.

Information We Use In Our Service But Never Collect:

Photo state
Camera

Contact Us
Any questions or concerns about this privacy policy.
please email to : goodluck_yuhao@163.com.
